My father came to australia from sicily,
italy,
in nineteen fifty two.
He married my mother by proxy in nineteen fifty five,
and she arrived not long after,
even though i was born in australia in the light fifties,
being in a family only speaking italian,
it was difficult for me to understand english when i started school.
After my first few days of school,
my parents were asked to come to school and respect to the teacher.
Because mum didn't speak any words of english dead kind.
It was asked why his daughter did not speak english.
Being the only child from a non english speaking family made me feel
different and isolated from the other children.
At school,
however,
a strong went on.
I picked up the language and completed my school years.
Deads parents arrived in australia in nineteen sixty three and lived with us for a
little while in the same year.
Dead brought air first tv,
so i had windows into two different worlds.
Around the age of ten years,
i was asked to go with my grandmother to the doctor to translate.
To me,
it was boring,
sitting and waiting at the doctor's bruce i was often asked to go with
family members to see doctors and specialists as i was the eldest and
understood best.
Sometimes i wonder if i said the proper thing in relation to their endless
well.
Was it like a game?
If tony's whispers,
i was a child,
go between in an adult world.
As my school years came to an end in the country,
there were not many opportunities to continue studies.
It worked in the local supermarket for a while.
Not in seventy six arm atomic sis liana and in june nineteen seventy seven
we were married.
I came to cover and worked with my husband.
We have four children,
three sons and one daughter of children.
Grew up and completed the school studies likely.
Our sons have studied and worked on the family.
Watch it.
Her daughter said she would like to go to university.
The father said he would think about that.
I said that my daughter was getting the opportunity i did not have been.
If she had the scores to enter university,
i would be happy for her to go.
But thank god she was admitted to university and that her dead agreed.
We owe.